CLIENT-SPECIFICATION: add automatic platform detection suggestion, fix Markdown syntax (#11523)
tldr-pages/tldr: CLIENT-SPECIFICATION.md

It is possible that due to this page resolution logic, the client may show a page which does not belong to the host platform because a page can reside in `common`, and not be present on the host platform. Clients must not assume that a given command is always executable on the host platform.

> It is suggested for clients to detect new platforms added to `pages` directory automatically and list it as a supported platform in `--platform` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is suggested for clients to detect new platforms added to `pages` directory automatically and list them as supported platforms in `--platform` option.
```

Author: > Where do you think it should be listed?

Probably in the command's usage

Reviewer: > Probably in the command's usage

I don't think it's a good idea to try to include supported platforms in the `--help` message. Detecting platforms depends on the cache being available, which is not the case right after installing a client. This means clients have to download pages before they can even show the help message (which should be available offline no matter what).

Author: Removed it

It is possible that due to this page resolution logic, the client may show a page which does not belong to the host platform because a page can reside in `common`, and not be present on the host platform. Clients must not assume that a given command is always executable on the host platform.

> It is suggested for clients to detect new platforms added to `pages` directory automatically.

Reviewer 2: Minor wording:
```suggestion
It is RECOMMENDED that clients detect new platforms added to the relevant `pages` directory automatically.
```

> It is suggested for clients to detect new platforms added to `pages` directory automatically and list them as supported platforms in `--platform` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is suggested for clients to detect new platforms added to `pages` directory automatically and list them as supported platforms for the `--platform` option.
```

> It is suggested for clients to detect new platforms added to `pages` directory automatically and list them as supported platforms for the `--platform` option.

Author: ```suggestion
It is suggested for clients to detect new platforms added to `pages` directory automatically.
```

Here's an example of how the lookup should be done on `linux` having set `LANG=it` and `LANGUAGE="it:fr:en"`:

> ```txt

Reviewer 2: Not sure why this is in a code fence? If it really has to be, try `markdown` instead of `txt`

Author: Not sure why I went with `txt` initially for the codeblock, maybe to avoid markdown lint errors I guess 🤷🏽‍♂️ .

```suggestion
```md
```

Reviewer 2: Is this to align the `→`, @kbdharun? In which case it might be worth reformatting as a table, since a code fence here looks odd.

> ```md
>   1. pages.it/linux/some-page.md  -> does not exist
>   2. pages.fr/linux/some-page.md  -> does not exist
>   3. pages/linux/some-page.md     -> does not exist
>   4. pages.it/common/some-page.md -> does not exist
>   5. pages.fr/common/some-page.md -> does not exist
>   6. pages/common/some-page.md    -> FOUND!
> ```

Reviewer 2: See above comment, but I'm still unclear on why a code fence is needed here. If it's to align the `->`, then perhaps we could consider reformatting this as a table?
```suggestion
Step	| Path checked					| Outcome
--------|-------------------------------|-----------------------
1		| pages.it/linux/some-page.md	| does not exist
2		| pages.fr/linux/some-page.md	| does not exist
3		| pages/linux/some-page.md		| does not exist
4		| pages.it/common/some-page.md	| does not exist
5		| pages.fr/common/some-page.md	| does not exist
6		| pages/common/some-page.md		| FOUND!
```

Author: Yeah, a table would be better. Will apply your suggestion.

the form `vX.Y`) should be done immediately AFTER merging the version bump, as
the commit hash changes when merging with squash or rebase.
-->

> - Unreleased

Reviewer 2: Changelog will need updating before this is merged.

Author: Agreed, will update the changelog now and will merge this PR tomorrow (will prepare the release notes too).

Author: Done, updated the changelog. Now, I will work on the release notes and then the new release is GTG.
